---
layout: post
title: "About Me"
date: 2025-01-17
---

I am a Doctoral Research Staff (FPI Grant Holder) in Computer Security and Privacy at Universitat Rovira i Virgili (URV), Tarragona, Spain, under the supervision of Prof. Rolando Trujillo Rasúa. Prior to joining URV, I was a Ph.D. student in Electrical Engineering at Shiraz University, Shiraz, Iran, a program from which I withdrew for personal reasons. I have also worked as a Remote Research Assistant at the University of Greenwich, UK, focusing on Security for Artificial Intelligence and Artificial Intelligence for Security, and previously as a Cybersecurity Researcher at the Iran Telecommunication Research Center (ITRC). I received my B.Sc. degree in 2018 and my M.Sc. degree in 2022, both in Electrical Engineering (Communication Systems), from K. N. Toosi University of Technology, Tehran, Iran. Since 2024, I have been actively serving as a Reviewer for prominent journals, including IEEE Transactions on Network and Service Management, Computer Networks, and Vehicular Communications. My primary research interests include Security and Privacy, with a focus on Cryptography, Cryptanalysis, and Zero-Knowledge Proofs; Artificial Intelligence, particularly Federated Learning and Large Language Models; and Distributed Systems, including Blockchain and Distributed Cloud Computing. Alongside developing my technical expertise, I actively seek broader, general knowledge to foster personal and intellectual growth. I enjoy dramatic literature and am an avid reader of novels.
